Add docs for proxy-set-header annotation in Ingress (#5413)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: examples/ingress-resources/proxy-set-headers/README.md

# Support for custom proxy headers

> NGINX and NGINX Plus support customization of proxy headers through annotations in Ingress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize proxy headers for NGINX and NGINX Plus using Ingress annotations.
```

NGINX Ingress Controller provides the following annotation for configuring custom proxy headers:

- Optional: ```nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "Header-Name"``` - specifies a custom header to be set

The `nginx.org/proxy-set-headers` annotation allows for the following configurations:

- **Single Header**: Set a single custom header by specifying its name.
- **Multiple Headers**: Set multiple custom headers by separating their names with commas.
- **Custom Header Values**: Set custom values for headers by using the format `"Header-Name: Value"`.

When using the ``proxy-set-headers`` annotation, the specified headers will be added to the outgoing requests proxied by NGINX.

## Proxy-Set-Headers Annotation In Standard Ingress Type

### Example 1: Setting a Single Custom Header With Default Value

> In the following example, the ``nginx.org/proxy-set-headers`` annotation is used to set a single custom header named `X-Forwarded-ABC`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, the ``nginx.org/proxy-set-headers`` annotation is used to set a single custom header named `X-Forwarded-ABC`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: example-ingress
  annotations:
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-ABC"
spec:
  rules:
  - host: example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        backend:
          serviceName: example-service
          servicePort: 80
```

Corresponding NGINX config file snippet:

```bash
...

  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-ABC $http_x_forwarded_abc;

...
```

### Example 2: Setting Multiple Custom Headers With Default Values

> In this example, the ``nginx.org/proxy-set-headers`` annotation is used to set multiple custom headers: `X-Forwarded-ABC` and `ABC2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the ``nginx.org/proxy-set-headers`` annotation is used to set multiple custom headers: `X-Forwarded-ABC` and `ABC2`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: example-ingress
  annotations:
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-ABC, ABC2"
spec:
  rules:
  - host: example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        backend:
          serviceName: example-service
          servicePort: 80
```

Corresponding NGINX config file snippet:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

...

  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-ABC $http_x_forwarded_abc;
  proxy_set_header ABC2 $http_abc2;

...
```

### Example 3: Setting Custom Header Values

In this example, the ``nginx.org/proxy-set-headers annotation`` is used to set a custom value for the ``X-Forwarded-ABC`` header.

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: example-ingress
  annotations:
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-ABC: test"
spec:
  rules:
  - host: example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        backend:
          serviceName: example-service
          servicePort: 80
```

Corresponding NGINX config file snippet:

```bash
...

  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-ABC "test";

...
```

## Proxy-Set-Headers Annotation In Mergeable Ingress Type

When using the proxy-set-headers annotation in minions, if there are conflicting headers with different values between master and minion, the minion's value will override the master's.

If different headers are specified in both master and minions, both sets of annotations will be applied.

### Example 1: Headers in both Master and Minions

> In this example, we add a custom header and value to each minion with defaults for Master

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, we add a custom header and value to each minion with defaults for master:
```

spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /coffee
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: coffee-svc
            port:
              number: 80
```

Content of `tea-minion.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-tea-minion
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "minion"
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Tea greenTea"
spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /tea
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: tea-svc
            port:
              number: 80
```

Corresponding NGINX config file snippet:

```bash
...

 location /coffee {
  ...

  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Master $http_x_forwarded_master;
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Coffee "cappuccino";

  ...

...
location /tea {
  ...
  
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Master $http_x_forwarded_master;
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Tea "greenTea";
  
  ...
...

```

### Example 2: Minion Override Master Header

> In this example, a header is in both a master and a minion, in the minion it has a different value and therefore overrides master.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, a header is in both a master and a minion; in the minion it has a different value and therefore overrides master.
```

Content of `cafe-master.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-master
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "master"

>     nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-ABC master"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-ABC: master"
```

spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  tls:
  - hosts:
    - cafe.example.com
    secretName: cafe-secret
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
```

Content of `coffee-minion.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-coffee-minion
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "minion"

>     nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Coffee cappuccino,X-Forwarded-ABC coffee"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Coffee: cappuccino,X-Forwarded-ABC: coffee"
```

spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /coffee
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: coffee-svc
            port:
              number: 80
```

Content of `tea-minion.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-tea-minion
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "minion"
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Tea greenTea,X-Forwarded-Minion tea"
spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /tea
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: tea-svc
            port:
              number: 80
```

Corresponding NGINX config file snippet:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

...

 location /coffee {
  ...
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Coffee "cappuccino";
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-ABC "coffee";
  ...

...
location /tea {
  ...
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-ABC "master";
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Tea "greenTea";
  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Minion "tea";
  ...

...

```

### Example 3: No Annotation in Minion

> In this example, we add the annotation in master to add a custom header and value to a minion without the annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use the annotation in master to add a custom header and value to a minion without an annotation:
```

Content of `cafe-master.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-master
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "master"
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Master"
spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  tls:
  - hosts:
    - cafe.example.com
    secretName: cafe-secret
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
```

Content of `coffee-minion.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-coffee-minion
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "minion"

>     nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Coffee cappuccino"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    nginx.org/proxy-set-headers: "X-Forwarded-Coffee: cappuccino"
```

spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /coffee
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: coffee-svc
            port:
              number: 80
```

Content of `tea-minion.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress-tea-minion
  annotations:
    nginx.org/mergeable-ingress-type: "minion"
spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /tea
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: tea-svc
            port:
              number: 80
```

Corresponding NGINX config file snippet:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
